spy seal is the first to see the shark
approach
[Music]
but one young seal is still blissfully
unaware
seen from above a game of cat-and-mouse
unfolds
[Music]
the seal may be young but is quick and
maneuverable
[Music]
from above something remarkable becomes
clear
the seal pup can turn faster than a
shark he deliberately gets behind it out
of sight
[Music]
whenever the shark turns the seal stays
right on its tail
[Music]
until finally he makes his escape
our spy is now the only seal remaining
the shark begins to circle checking out
yet another likely target
sharks can detect minut electric fields
spy seal has plenty of those at every
pass it gets closer the first bite is
exploratory testing it's a worthwhile
meal
sharks have a highly developed sense of
taste this wasn't what I was looking for
you